## Machine-Learning-Autonomous-Systems-and-Robotics.
This repository contains, the ML learning pattern that can be followed for autonomous systems. This contains all the sources that provides a deep dive into the concepts and requirements to write and perform machine learning tasks.

#Hi there. I am an enthusiast for autonomous systems, Robotics, and Self-Driving Cars. So, from the perspective of a Mechanical Engineer who has some prior knowledge of coding in C++, I am approaching and learning basic or compulsory requirements for maybe my master's or a new job in this field.

So, first of all.... I know this might sound a bit sad and boring that, u must have some good basic knowledge of maths concepts like Stats and Probabilty. Coz while i was going through the course and material of Machine Learning I felt that i should revise these concept and get a good hold of these. So, I wanted something very precise and short
course that could suffice my need and atleast introduce me to all the weird terms that were being used in the course. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZzq1zSL1bs&t=4083s&ab_channel=KrishNaik was the one of the best source i referred for stats. I took me good 2-4 days to work on it(bad focus week).
Next on I wanted a theoretical start to all the basic concepts but in between i felt very vague and wondered if i could practiccal use them and feel how it actual works in code. So i had to learn Pyhton, It was easier for me to learn and understand as i already had some prior knowlede of cpp and python too that how it works and some basic syntax.
i follow a course -----. this much is enough for the syntax and logics.

And throughout the process i realised it wasnt machine learing that was particularily used in autonomous systems, but the deep learning concepts like cnn and many more algorithm and computer vision itself was part of deep learning and the perception engineering and all. I was going thorugh some profiles of people currently doing the jobs related to this field or the people pursuing the masters in this subject. So i came to know that mainly people had experience of certians years maybe of 2-3 years and had worked in a field related to this. So currently i dont really have anything that aligns with the same soo. I should probably get some good technical skills and grab some internships or jobs or maybe think of doing reserch under some professor or something. This is my plan so far down the line, it might change in future as it happens but this  is  what ive thought of doing... so lets get back to  it

